AAS V3.0 Classes and Attribute Identifiers (#31)
admin-shell-io/id: aas/README.md

- [Release 1](/aas/1/0/README.md) from 2018 [1]
- [Release 2](/aas/2/0/README.md) from 2019 [2]
- [Revision 2.0.1](/aas/2/0/1/README.md) from May 2020 [3]
- [Version 3.0](./3/0/README.md) 2020 [4]

Part 2 (Application Programming Interfaces) is available in the sub-namespace [API](./API/).

> [1] ['Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information
> between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0'](), Version 1.0,
> Plattform Industrie 4.0, ZVEI, 2018

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4] ['Specification of the Asset Administration Shell - Part 1: Metamodel'](https://industrialdigitaltwin.org/en/content-hub/aasspecifications), Version 3.0,
```

- [Release 1](/aas/1/0/README.md) from 2018 [1]
- [Release 2](/aas/2/0/README.md) from 2019 [2]
- [Revision 2.0.1](/aas/2/0/1/README.md) from May 2020 [3]
- [Version 3.0](./3/0/README.md) 2020 [4]

Part 2 (Application Programming Interfaces) is available in the sub-namespace [API](./API/).

> [1] ['Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information

Reviewer: Use correct naming

between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0'](), Version 1.0,
Plattform Industrie 4.0, ZVEI, 2018

[2] ['Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information
between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0'](), Version 2.0,
Plattform Industrie 4.0, ZVEI, 2019

[3] 'Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information
between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0', Version 2.0.1,
Plattform Industrie 4.0, ZVEI, 2020

> [4] ['Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information

Reviewer: Use correct title

> [4] ['Details of the Asset Administration Shell Part 1, The exchange of information
> between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0'](https://www.plattform-i40.de/IP/Redaktion/EN/Downloads/Publikation/Details_of_the_Asset_Administration_Shell_Part1_V3.html), Version 3.0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4] ['Specification of the Asset Administration Shell - Part 1: Metamodel'](https://industrialdigitaltwin.org/en/content-hub/aasspecificationsl), Version 3.0,
```

> between partners in the value chain of Industrie 4.0'](https://www.plattform-i40.de/IP/Redaktion/EN/Downloads/Publikation/Details_of_the_Asset_Administration_Shell_Part1_V3.html), Version 3.0,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[4] ['Specification of the Asset Administration Shell - Part 1: Metamodel'](https://industrialdigitaltwin.org/en/content-hub/aasspecifications), Version 3.0,
```
